just when you thought the turbulence was
over Europe comes back to save the day a
Spanish Bank was just about to fail and
the technocrats stepped in to ensure the
too big to fail policy is implemented
any Corporation deemed too important to
the economy must be bailed out at any
cost The Dominoes continue to fall you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we are going to
exclusively
keep an eye on the issue of Spain and
its
bailout guess what
for1 you're looking at
this Sant Ander buys banko papular for €
Euro after rival deemed likely to fail
this is huge news because it shows the
problems are not over in fact they are
simply getting worse and Europe is doing
terribly at this time I need to remind
everyone of that just because it's not
so much in the news it is extremely
important they had this overnight
auction for the nominal amount of € Euro
after the ECB determined the alien
lender was near collapse this is
something that has been the case for
quite some time after the financial
crisis then we had the uh Euro viral
contagion is what I call it or the
sovereign debt crisis where the debt
mounted to a point where they simply
could not dig themselves out of it and
here we are left with this mess the ECB
put in these measures in order to steal
the wealth from people they're doing a
great job of that this right here is the
stock you can see that it is basically
at a failed rate right now at this time
you're seeing the 10-year chart and lo
and behold a complete
decline this shows the weakness of this
particular stock but it is simply just
one piece of the puzzle this is what's
happening in Europe it's declining it's
getting worse it is rotting and
this is what will see many times here in
for the future now looking at this New
York Times article it basically breaks
it down I'll cover it very quickly after
the global financial crisis Europe built
a system designed to contain the
collateral damage from the failing Banks
they expected more to happen that the
new system appeared to pass its first
test on Wednesday not true as
authorities efficiently dispatched a
troubled Spanish lender they're
suggesting that this is the fifth
largest bank and they made such a good
attempt to uh bail it out they did a
great job this is so wonderful and
everything is now just fine well I would
suggest quite the opposite this shows
the weakness once again of the banking
system and here we
are seeing how bad it really
is out of Reuters European authorities
stepped in to avert a collapse of
Spain's bankco papular following the run
on the bank wait a minute a run on the
bank that's impossible you can't have a
run on the bank we have Protections in
place we have insurance we have all
these different policies and procedures
that have been put in place since the
financial crisis to prevent it from
happening how's that possible well of
course the uh Bank runs always occur
they've been happening many times before
they will continue to happen in the
future the banking system is weak it's
rotting and this is a very clear example
of that this was a last minute rescue
they did it quickly I'm sure we'll find
out some more details in the near future
showing us how crazy this banking system
is it truly is crazy and uh they bond
holders face losses of two billion
EUR as well as the
shareholders they're asking the
shareholders for 7 billion EUR this is
important because you're looking at
everybody taking losses which is fine in
a way but why not fix the problems like
years ago why didn't they in 2013 let's
say sit down and say look this is what
we have to do we have to fix the problem
let's get it sorted out but of course
that's not going to happen it doesn't
happen like that ever and you just use
this as an opportunity to take advantage
of the crisis and you see further
Liberty lost further wealth lost and
unfortunately it is siphoned to the
hands of the technocratic elite looking
at this right here this is Spain's
unemployment rate while it has declined
recently were looking at 18.4% and
that's the official numbers you're
seeing the rot you're seeing that taking
place in Spain just one example of many
then Spain's youth unemployment rate
while it has come down again in recent
years look we're talking about 40% youth
unemployment rate it is at epidemic
levels but don't show that in the
mainstream media hide that just show the
beautiful structures that you of Spain
the artwork and everything else don't
show the
truth this here is out of Bloomberg
Spain will seek to merge these two
lenders nationalized in the
Fallout from the country's property bust
and Sh sell shares in the combined Bank
to recoup their bailout costs always
trying to capitalize on these events and
always unfortunately not doing anything
for the people
this is part of the sovereign debt
crisis this actually was in fact just a
few months
ago I didn't actually cover it at that
time but here we are today this is a
crisis that is ongoing just because the
mainstream media doesn't bring it out
and stuff it in front of your face that
doesn't mean it's not happening that
doesn't mean it's not true this is going
on today so that is just one example and
then what I wanted to bring to you is
the fact that I talked about this in my
book I talked about it in 2012 when I
released the first book and actually
before that technically and then I
talked about it again in my new book I'm
actually showing you the global economic
collapse my new release but I'm
referencing the first book and what I
said was this during the massive
political upheaval which occurred in
Greece the crisis clearly exposed the
rotting core of the EU the E uh the
money GPS explicitly predicted that the
Euro vir contagion would continue to
spread to Spain and Italy so check this
out this is a quote Ireland Greece and
Portugal have all received bailouts to
keep their economies float the eyes are
now on Spain and Italy as the cracks
have begun to show in their markets as
well then I also said in a different
quote Different Page there is Contagion
in the system therefore we can expect
more bailouts to occur doesn't take a
genius to figure that one out but I put
it in black and white inevitably the ECB
began buying bonds of countries
including Spain and Italy to prevent a
complete
collapse the system is dying they are
using things like the esm in order to
try and stabilize it but all they do is
take debt and repackage it and repurpose
it you can take garbage and you can put
a pretty bow on top of it but I assure
you it's still
garbage and what's the solution to all
this what are the governments doing well
they're making these kind of laws Madrid
bans manspreading on its public
transport while we have real problems to
discuss while we have people that are
unemployed at this time we have laws
being created to prevent
manspreading while you may not agree
with man spreading and you may think
this is something that does need to not
happen do you think for a second that
there is some more pressing issues to
deal with well you tell me if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs
up last but not least if you found this
video informative I know you will find
my books my first one the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative you can actually
flip through the books at Amazon they're
also available at other retailers I've
got the audio book for global economic
collapse available at the money gps.com
I've got now the t-shirts going so if
you want to check that out head over to
the money gps.com click on the store
link you can see that over
there and that's it take
care if you're still here just a little
inside scoop I Had a Little Blooper I
actually recorded this entire video it
was probably twice as long got into even
more detail and when I went to go hit
the stop button I realized I wasn't
recording at all so this is actually
take number two I hope you enjoy that
thumbs up for the bloopers take care